
abbey_a0=Abadia
abbey_a_cell_0_a0=Célula Monge
abbey_a_cell_1_a0=Célula Monge
abbey_a_cell_2_a0=Célula Monge
abbey_a_altar_a0=Altar
abbey_a_tower_a0=Torre da Abadia
abbey_a_tower_b0=Torre da Abadia
alchemyworkshop_a0=Oficina do Alquimista
archives_a0=Arquivo Municipal
armoury_a0=Armeiro
bakery_a0=Padaria
carpenterhouse_a0=Carpintaria
cattlefarm_a0=Quinta Bovina
church_a0=Capela
church_a2=Igreja
chickenfarmnorm_a0=Fazenda de Galinha
darkoakgrove_a0=Bosque de carvalho escuro
farm_a0=Quinta
farm_b0=Quinta
forge_a0=Forja
fort_a0=Forte
fort_a_lefttower_a0=Torre de Guarda
fort_a_righttower_a0=Torre de Guarda
fountain_a0=Fonte
grove_a0=Bosque
grove_b0=Bosque
grove_c0=Bosque
guardhouse_a0=Casa do Guarda
guesthouse_a0=Estalagem
guildhouse_a0=Salão do Grémio
inn_a0=Albergaria
largefort_a0=Forte Grande
largefort_a_armoury_a0=Grande Arsenal do Forte
largefort_a_barrack_a0=Sala de guarda
largefountain_a0=Fonte Grande
lumbermanhut_a0=Cabana do Lenhador
lumbermanhut_b0=Cabana do Lenhador
manor_a0=Solar
market_a0=Mercado
pigfarm_a0=Quinta Suína
playerestate_a0=Mansão
playerhugefield_a0=Terreno Muito Grande
playerlargefield_a0=Terreno Grande
playerlargefort_a0=Jogador Grande Forte
playerlargehouse_a0=Casa Burguesa
playersmallfield_a0=Terreno Pequeno
playersmallhouse_a0=Casa Pequena
presbytery_a0=Presbitério
quarry_a0=Pedreira
sheepchickenfarm_a0=Quinta Ovina
tavern_a0=Taberna
townhall_a0=Prefeitura
townhallagricole_a0=Prefeitura Agrícola
watchtower_a0=Torre de Vigia
well_a0=Poço
playerfort_a0=Forte
anomalyone_a0=Anomalia Um
anomalytwo_a0=Anomalia Dois
anomalythree_a0=Anomalia Três
custom_chickenfarm=Fazenda de Galinha
abandonedmill_a0=Moinho Abandonado
abandonedmine_a0=Pedreira Normanda Abandonada
abandonedtower_a0=Torre Arruinada
alchemisttower_a0=Torre do Alquimista
banditlair_a0=Refúgio de Bandidos
bandittower_a0=Torre de Bandidos
feloncastle_a0=Castelo do Barão
loneabbey_a0=Abadia Isolada
loneabbey_a_altar_a0=Altar
lonegrove_a0=Bosque Solitário
lonegrovetaiga_a0=Bosque Solitário
loneinn_a0=Albergaria Normanda Isolada
loneinn_a_stall_0_a0=Estalagem de Barracas Solitárias
loneinn_a_stall_1_a0=Estalagem de Barracas Solitárias
loneroadhouse_a0=Casa solitária da estrada
lonelumbermanhut_a0=Cabana do Lenhador Isolada
lonelumbermantaigahut_a0=Cabana do Lenhador Isolada
lonemill_a0=Azenha Isolada
lonemine_a0=Pedreira Normanda Isolada
loneorchard_a0=Pomar solitário
pantheon_a0=Panteão
ruinedfarm_a0=Quinta Normanda Arruinada
ruinedfarm_b0=Quinta Normanda Arruinada
ruinedfarm_c0=Quinta Normanda Arruinada
gifthouse_a0=Casa do Contribuidor
glassblower_a0=Oficina do soprador de vidro
weaverhouse_a0=Oficina de tecelão
smallorchard_a0=Pomar pequeno
largeorchard_a0=Cidreiro
abbaye_a0=Catedral
abbaye_a0=   