animistic_A0=Temple Cérémoniel
armoury_A0=Armurerie
armourerhouse_A0=Maison De l'Armurier
carver_A0=Maison du Sculpteur
council_A0=Maison communautaire
grove_A0=Bosquet
grove_B0=Bosquet
grove_C0=Bosquet
grove_D0=Bosquet
farmP_A0=Ferme de Patates
farmP_B0=Ferme de Patates
farmW_A0=Ferme à blé
fisherman_A0=Maison du Pêcheur
foodpreparer_A0=Cuisines
foodprephouse_A0=Maison Du Cuisinier
guesthouse_A0=Maison d'Hôtes
hunter_A0=Maison du Chasseur
hunterex_A0=Maison du Chasseur
lumberman_A0=Maison du Bûcheron
market_A0=Marché
offering_A0=Cercle Cérémoniel
shaman_A0=Maison du Chaman
shamanistic_A0=Temple Cérémoniel
sodder_A0=Maison du Jardinier
tannery_A0=Tannerie

polarbearcave_a0=Grotte de l'Ours Polaire
offering1_a0=Cercle Cérémoniel
offering2_a0=Cercle Cérémoniel
lake_a0=Lac
lake2_a0=Lac
lake_a_fisherman_a0=Maison du Pêcheur
inuksuit_A0=Inuksuit
inuksuit_B0=Inuksuit
inuksuit_C0=Inuksuit
inuksuit_D0=Inuksuit
inuksuit_E0=Inuksuit
inuksuit_F0=Inuksuit
banditshack_A0=Cabane de Bandits
banditshack_B0=Taudis de Bandits
loneanishaman_A0=Temple Cérémoniel isolé
bison_a0=Champ de Bisons

lonedislogcabin2_a0=Hutte en Bois Isolée
lonefisherman_a0=Pêcheur Isolé
lonedisiglu_a0=Igloo Isolé
lonelogcabin2_a0=Hutte en Bois Isolée
lonewoodworker_a0=Bûcheron Isolé
lonedisiglu2_a0=Igloo Isolé
loneanimistic_a0=Animiste Isolé
loneiglu_a0=Igloo Isolé
loneartisan_a0=Artisan Isolé
sanduit_a0=Bâtiment Isolé
loneiglu2_a0=Igloo Isolé
lonedislogcabin_a0=Hutte en Bois Isolée
lonelogcabin_a0=Hutte en Bois Isolée

gifthouse_a0=Maison bonus
playercampsite_A0=Coin du Joueur
playeriglu_A0=Igloo
playerlargegrove_A0=Grand Bosquet
playersmallhouse_A0=Petite Maison
playermedhouse_A0=Maison
playerlargehouse_A0=Grande Maison
player_tannery_a0=Tannerie du Joueur