
culture.byzantines=Byzantine
culture.fullname=The Byzantines
village.controlled=controlled village
village.customcontrolled=custom controlled village
village.emporikos=commercial village
village.military=fort
village.ortodox=religious village
villager.architect_byzantine=Architect
villager.armysmith_byzantine=Armorer
villager.artisan_byzantine=Artisan
villager.artwife_byzantine=Artisan's wife
villager.baron_byzantine=Baron
villager.boy_byzantine=Boy
villager.centurio_byzantine=Centurio
villager.farmiller_byzantine=Miller
villager.farmiller_wife_byzantine=Miller's Wife
villager.fisherman_byzantine=Fisher
villager.girl_byzantine=Girl
villager.lumberman_byzantine=Lumberman
villager.merchant_byzantine=Merchant
villager.merchant_hindi=Indian trader
villager.merchant_japanese=Japanese trader
villager.merchant_mayan=Maya trader
villager.merchant_norman=Norman trader
villager.miner_byzantine=Miner
villager.pastor_byzantine=Pastor
villager.patriarch_byzantine=Patriarch
villager.playersoldier_byzantine=Soldier
villager.richwife_byzantine=Rich woman
villager.shepherd_byzantine=Shepherd
villager.shepherd_female_byzantine=Shepherdess
villager.silkfarmer_byzantine=Silk Weaver
villager.silkfarmerwife_byzantine=Silk Weaver
villager.smith_byzantine=Smith
villager.soldier_byzantine=Soldier
villager.teenagerfemale=Youth
villager.teenagermale=Youth
villager.wife_byzantine=Wife
villager.merchant_art=Art Merchant
villager.merchant_food=Food Merchant
villager.merchant_materials=Stone Merchant
villager.smuggler_silk=Silk Merchant
villager.keeperbirch_byzantine=Guard
villager.keeperoak_byzantine=Guard
villager.keeperpine_byzantine=Guard
villager.keepertropical_byzantine=Guard
villager.keeper_byzantine=Lighthouse Keeper
villager.loneshepherd_byzantine=Shepherd
villager.loneshepherdf_byzantine=Shepherdess
shop.armyforge=Tools,arms and armor
shop.bakery=Bakery
shop.clothing=Clothes
shop.fishery=Fish
shop.forge=Tools
shop.lonesheep=Wool
shop.lonetower=Food
shop.sheepfarm=Lamb,leather and feta
shop.tavernbyz=Wine
shop.townhall=Central Store
shop.alchemyworkshop=Alchemical Products