ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Ancient Temple
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Ancient Theatre
artisanbyzantine_A0=Artisan's House
bakerybyzantine_A0=Bakery
bakerybyzantine_A0=Bakery
barracksbyzantine_A0=Barracks
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Barracks Bedroom
basilkabyzantine_A0=Market hall
chapelbyzantine_A0=Chapel
churchbyzantine_A0=Church building site
churchbyzantine_A9=Orthodox Church
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Altar
farmbyzantine_A0=Farm
fisherbyzantine_A0=Fisherman's hut
forgebyzantine_A0=Forge
fortbyzantine_A0=Fort
fortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Forge
grovebyzantine_A0=Grove
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Guesthouse
innbyzantine_A0=Inn
lumberbyzantine_A0=Lumberman's hut
placebyzantine_A0=Village hall
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Fort
playerfortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Forge
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Presbytery
quarrybyzantine_A0=Quarry
sheepbyzantine_A0=Sheep Ranch
tavernbyzantine_A0=Tavern
testfarm_A0=Farm
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Mill
villa urbana_A0=Villa Urbana
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Watchtower
well_A0=Well
workshopbyzantine_A0=Workshop

birchtower_A0=Watchtower
jungletower_A0=Watchtower
oaktower_A0=Watchtower
pinetower_A0=Watchtower

architectbyzantine_a0=Architect's Studio
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fort Bedroom
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fort Bedroom
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fort Bedroom
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Birch Grove
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Oak Grove
lighthouse_a0=Lighthouse
lonecastle_a0=Lone Fort
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Lone Fort Bedroom
lonesheepfarm_a0=Lone Sheep Ranch
lonesheepfarm_b0=Lone Sheep Ranch
placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Forum
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fort Bedroom
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fort Bedroom
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fort Bedroom
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Silk Farm
vineyardbyzantine_a0=Vineyard

lonecastle_a_training_a0=Training Area
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Chapel

gifthouse_a0=Gift House
playersmallhouse_a0=Small House

crossbyzantine_a0=Wayside Cross
parkbyzantine_a0=Birch
parkbyzantine_b0=Oak
parkbyzantine_c0=Oak
parkbyzantine_d0=Park
shrinebyzantine_a0=Shrine
wellbyzantine_a0=Well
wellbyzantine_b0=Well