quarrybyzantine_A0=Pedreira
grovebyzantine_A0=Bosque
churchbyzantine_A0=Terreno da Igreja
churchbyzantine_A9=Igreja Ortodoxa
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Altar
workshopbyzantine_A0=Oficina
ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Templo Clássico
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Teatro Clássico
placebyzantine_A0=Prefeitura
fortbyzantine_A0=Forte
forgebyzantine_A0=Forja
villa urbana_A0=Vila Urbana
tavernbyzantine_A0=Taverna
bakerybyzantine_A0=Padaria
fisherbyzantine_A0=Casa do Pescador
lumberbyzantine_A0=Casa do Lenhador
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Torre de Vigia
chapelbyzantine_A0=Capela
farmbyzantine_A0=Quinta
sheepbyzantine_A0=Rancho Ovino
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Forte
innbyzantine_A0=Albergue
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Estalagem
basilkabyzantine_A0=Mercado
barracksbyzantine_A0=Quartel
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Cama de Quartel
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Presbitério
fortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Forja do Forte
playerfortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Forja do Forte
well_A0=Poço

artisanbyzantine_A0=Casa do Artesão
testfarm_A0=Quinta
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Moinho

oaktower_A0=Torre de Vigia
birchtower_A0=Torre de Vigia
pinetower_A0=Torre de Vigia
jungletower_A0=Torre de Vigia

placebyzantine_A_basilica_A0=Fórum
vineyardbyzantine_A0=Vinhedo
grovebirchbyzantine_A0=Bosque de Bétula
silkfarmbyzantine_A0=Quinta Sericultura
playerfortbyzantine_A_bed3_A0=Quarto do Forte
fortbyzantine_A_bed3_A0=Quarto do Forte
playerfortbyzantine_A_bed2_A0=Quarto do Forte
fortbyzantine_A_bed1_A0=Quarto do Forte
playerfortbyzantine_A_bed1_A0=Quarto do Forte
fortbyzantine_A_bed2_A0=Quarto do Forte
lighthouse_A0=Farol
architectbyzantine_A0=Estúdio do Arquiteto
lonecastle_A_living_A0=Quarto do Forte Isolado
lonecastle_A0=Forte Isolado
lonesheepfarm_A0=Rancho Ovino Isolado
lonesheepfarm_B0=Rancho Ovino Isolado
groveoakbyzantine_A0=Bosque de Carvalho

lonecastle_A_training_A0=Área de treinamento
lonecastle_A_praying_A0=Capela

gifthouse_a0=Casa do Contribuidor
playersmallhouse_a0=Casa Pequena