
japanesegrove_A0=Plantação
japanesegrove_B0=Plantação
japanesegrove_C0=Plantação
japanesepeasanth_A0=Casa de Camponeses
japanesepeasanth_B0=Casa de Camponeses
japanesepeasanth_C0=Casa de Camponeses
japaneselmh_A0=Casa do Lenhador
japanesepaddy_A0=Arrozal
japanesepalace_A0=Palácio Imperial
japaneseforge_A0=Forja
japanesefishery_A0=Lago de Pesca
japanesefishery_B0=Lago de Pesca
japanesefishery_C0=Lago de Pesca
japanesefishery_A1=Lota
japanesefishery_B1=Lota
japanesefishery_C1=Lota
japanesesamuraih_A0=Casa do Guerreiro
japanesesamuraih_B0=Casa do Guerreiro
japanesequarry_A0=Pedreira
japanesequarry_B0=Pedreira
japanesearchive_A0=Arquivo
japanesearchive_B0=Arquivo
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagode
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagode
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Santuário Xintoísta
japanesefarm_A0=Plantação de Trigo
japanesefarm_B0=Plantação de Trigo
japanesefarmbig_A0=Fazenda
japanesefarmbig_B0=Fazenda
japanesecrafter_A0=Oficina
japanesecrafter_B0=Oficina
japanesefort_A0=Castelo
japaneseplot1_A0=Terreno Pequeno
japaneseplot2_A0=Terreno Médio
japaneseplot3_A0=Terreno Grande
japanesehut_A0=Casa de Madeira Pequena
japanesehouse_A0=Casa Pequena
japanesehousemedium_A0=Casa Média
japanesehouselarge_A0=Casa Grande
japaneselookout_A0=Torre de Vigia
japaneselookout_B0=Torre de Vigia
japanesezen_A0=Charco
japanesekitchen_A0=Cozinha Comunitária
japanesekitchen_B0=Cozinha Comunitária
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Palácio do Jogador
japaneseinn_A0=Albergue
japanesemarket_A0=Mercado
japanesearcheryrange_A0=Campo de Tiro com Arco
chickenfarm_a0=Aviário
bath_A0=Banhos Públicos
well_A0=Poço
sakebrewery_A0=Fábrica de Saqué
squidfarm_A0=Viveiro de Lulas

japaneseoutpost_A0=Posto Japonês
japanesearmyforge_A0=Forja Militar
lonebuddha_A0=Estátua de Buda
bandit_cave_A0=Caverna de Bandidos
kufun_tomb_A0=Túmulo Kofun
kufun_tomb_B0=Túmulo Kofun
woods_shrine_A0=Santuário Xintoísta
lonemine_A0=Pedreira Japonesa Isolada
banditfort_A0=Forte de Bandidos

gifthouse_a0=Casa do Contribuidor